Previously on "Kevin (Probably)
Saves the World"...
-I'm a messenger from God.
-Oh, good.
I'm here to guide
and protect you.
Who are you talking to?
She can't see me.
The only job you have
in life is to build up
your spiritual powers
through acts of kindness
and selflessness.
[ Laughs ]
God is gonna show you how
to find the other righteous.
Can you please explain to me
why I can't tell anyone
who I am, who you are,
or what I'm doing?
When are you gonna
ask Amy out?
What do you think?
No.
If you were to ask me out,
I would say yes.
You and the others still need
to find out what happened
to the other 35 righteous.
-Sweet murder board.
-Aah!
-He's one of you?!
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Big time.
That's why I'm here.
I want to join Team Kevin.
No. No.
Great!
-Team Kevin forever, right?
-[ Laughs ]
I have
a mission for you.
Oh, look at them.
Brought together by
the whims of happenstance.
Random moments
connecting their lives.
It takes my breath away
to think about
how you are
screwing it all up for them!
[ Quietly ]
I'm going as fast as I can.
Seems like you're afraid
of a little dirt, Kevin.
[ Groans ]
I wish this was dirt.
The clock is ticking, Kevin.
Tick-tock, tick-tock.
Everything okay
down there?
You bet!
Oh. Smooth sailing.
Oh!
Found it!
[ Groans ]
Okay, he's down on one knee.
Oh, they're laughing, they're
laughing, they're laughing!
Ooh, she said yes!
She said yes!
[ Laughs ]
You guys
seem familiar.
Kevin? Are you okay?
Kevin?
[ Rat screeches ]
Ohh!
[ Splash ]
[ Scrubbing ]
You do realize that tomato juice
is supposed to be
for skunks, right?
I'll have you know there was
a dead skunk in the sewer,
so who feels like
the stupid one now?
What makes you think they were
the exact same butterflies?
I'm telling you, new vision,
same as the old vision.
I mean, what reason
would the Universe have
for sending
a repeat vision?
[ Gasps ]
We should ask Dave.
Like I said, Dave
will be gone for a while.
A "Secret Mission," I know.
I just think as
captain of Team Kevin --
Coach, then.
I'm Kevin.
Look, I just want to know
where all of our players are
at all times.
[ Sighs ] Focus, please.
Now, the first time you saw
the butterflies was...?
In my room,
after helping Reese.
So, perhaps there's
a connection.
Maybe the Universe is trying
to get you to go back.
To my room.
To Reese.
[ Gasps ]
Yes. Right.
Yep, that --
♪♪
That does make more sense,
'cause I have been
in my room quite a lot.
Friend problems?
Someone
"Mean Girl"-ing you?
No.
Schoolwork?
Troubled romance?
No.
[ Sighs ]
Puberty?
Mm! No.
School teachers?
[ Gasps ]
Oh, they play!
What about the play?
It's your big theatrical debut.
You must be nervous.
I can help.
I told you,
I'm not in the play,
I'm on the stage crew.
Reese, there are
no small parts.
Only small people.
[ Scoffs ]
You're an idiot.
What?
You don't even
need to go.
I am definitely
going to your play.
No doubt, okay?
Hey, um,
can I talk to you guys
for a minute?
Sure. I'm just helping Reese
get over her stage fright.
Um, okay.
I have to
tell you something.
Mm-hmm.
And it's kind of
a big deal.
Mm-hmm.
Okay?
I'm going out on a date.
And I want you to know
that I'm not trying
to replace your father.
Okay.
Yeah, he's a co-worker from
school, he's really nice.
His name's Iggy.
Is he a character from
a children's cartoon?
[ Snickers ]
It's short for Ignacio.
Okay. Actually, that's
a pretty cool name.
Yeah, well, he's
a pretty cool guy.
It is.
He teaches philosophy
and theology.
Nope, sorry,
he's back to uncool.
Okay, you know what,
I am anxious enough already
without a bunch of heckling
from the peanut gallery.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I am sorry.
Here I come. I'm making
everything better.
[ Sighs ]
Come on. I'm sorry. Come here.
I think it's fabulous
that you're dating again.
And, Reese,
also, don't you think
it's fabulous that your mom
feels ready to date again?
Reese?
Okay.
I --
You know what?
I don't know why
I bother with you two.
I don't.
I --
[ Sighs ]
Do you need me to help
process this news?
Must be pretty upsetting.
♪♪
Kev, can't
thank you enough
for the assist
on this little minx.
Any time, man.
Took me 12 long years
to track her down,
but now she's finally mine.
12 years? Is this some
kind of special papasan?
Why yes, Kevin.
Yes, it is.
I was 15 years old.
The Kautter Family basement.
And this rattan-framed
beauty cradled me
during in my first kiss.
That's, uh...sweet.
Yeah, I thought so, too.
Mrs. Kautter was
a little creeped out.
But she eventually
sold it to me.
And, I got to say...
totally worth the wait.
I'll give you a moment.
[ Sighs ]
[ Birds chirping ]
♪♪
Hey, Ty?
Do you see
a-a butterfly?
Are you the butterfly?
I don't think so.
Then my answer is no.
How would you feel about
taking a little detour home?
♪♪
[ Horns honking ]
Oh, okay.
Reese's school.
♪♪
Whoa.
Sorry, guys. Wrong class.
Uh, nope. I-I-I think this is,
uh -- I think this is us.
You're taking my continuing
education art class for seniors?
Well, we're more like,
uh, auditing it.
Check with
the learning center.
Classes within
your age range
start at the beginning
of each month.
Are you sure
you don't need any help
[chuckles ]
with the class?
Just cleaning brushes,
sharpening pencils, anything?
I am in a bit of a jam.
How comfortable are you
with your body?
♪♪
[ Clears throat ]
Great line weight, Cheryl.
Very loose and balanced.
Hey. Hello, ma'am?
Sorry, could you please
not distract my students?
Sorry.
Try experimenting...
How do you
stay so still?
As a kid, I'd spend hours
in front of store windows,
pretending I was a mannequin
while my mom went shopping.
One day she left me there
overnight. So much fun.
[ Laughs ]
[ Wind whistling ]
♪♪
Okay, you know what?
Turns out I only need
one gladiator after all.
One gladiator's good.
You can leave.
No, I'm sorry.
I just -- I'm sorry.
-Shield.
-See you in the car, K-Dog!
-Okay.
-Come on. Shield. Shield.
Let's go.
[ Gasps ]
Wait, wait, wait.
I promise I'll be so good.
One more chance. I'll be quiet.
Please, please, please.
I'll be so, so quiet.
Never quieter. The quietest.
All right. All right.
[ Softly ] Sorry.
♪♪
Eyebrows over there
is a freaking natural.
What are you doing here?
I gave you a mission.
I know.
And I failed.
Hard.
I talked to
every one of us.
I gave my best sales pitch,
you know, "Rejoin the cause!
Help save the world. Maybe get
a new soul to protect."
And they all said
the same thing?
A big, fat, juicy nope.
Even Ava?
Especially Ava.
She said she wanted
nothing to do with you.
Hey.
Come on.
We'll get through this.
All right?
Look, I know
how these kids feel.
I've been there myself.
Just let them
burn through all that anger
and resentment while
we focus our energy on Kevin.
As soon as he anoints
a new righteous,
the rest'll come around.
Trust me.
[ Sighs ]
You think so?
You bet your
sweet ass I do.
We're not there yet.
Duly noted.
Hey! I wanted
to return your costume.
Sorry. There you go.
Um, sorry if I was
too disruptive in class.
Not your fault.
It's me.
I've been in a snit all day.
Is something bugging you?
What do you think
about this?
[ Chuckles ] I think it's
really good. Is that yours?
Yeah.
So, how come all your great art
is just piled up in this car?
Supposed to be part of
an art exhibit this weekend.
My first.
Friends own a gallery in Austin,
asked me to be a part of it.
[ Car door closes ]
What happened?
Same thing as always --
I book a show, get psyched,
but when the moment comes,
I -- I can't bring
myself to do it.
Gotten to a point I just
keep them in the car now,
hoping to build up
enough courage.
Well, what
are you afraid of?
I mean, what's the worst
that could happen?
Everyone says that I suck.
Uh, well, people tell me
that I suck,
literally, every day,
and it's not that bad.
I'm a coward.
Better to be left
wondering than mortified.
Excuse me.
Well...[ Sighs ]
Okay.
[ Engine starts ]
♪♪
[ Knocking on window ]
Sorry.
What are you doing?
I am looking at a guy
who's clearly talented,
but needs assistance.
And how do you know that?
Because I am a patron
of the arts.
I love all the great
artists, artworks --
Mona Lisa, um, Soup Can,
People At The Park
Made Our of Dots,
um, Screamy Face,
Melty Clocks -- personal fave.
Very impressive.
But I'm -- I'm not --
Look, look, look, you can
barely fit in your car.
I have a truck.
I'll drive you to Austin.
I can help set up.
I'll -- I'll -- I'll
cheer you on.
You're not gonna let go
until I say yes, are you?
Pretty much, yeah.
All right. Fine.
I-I'll do it.
Yes! You will not
regret this.
Now please let go.
Sorry.
-Oh, hey.
-Hi.
-Sorry.
-No. I-I'm sorry.
Uh, were you
leaving or...?
No. I mean, yeah,
I w-- I was leaving,
but, um,
I-I can talk if...
Are you here to talk?
Uh, yes, I --
Well, I actually just
wanted to see if
you've given any thought to,
uh -- to tomorrow night?
Definitely. Yeah.
Like, so many thoughts.
That's great.
Yeah.
Well, I-I know you have
the play first,
but I'm flexible for whatever
you want to do after.
Oh, sure.
Like, um, dinner?
I'm open to anything.
Or we could go to
a movie, you know?
Uh, but I will have
just been sitting
for a couple of hours,
so, you know,
something active
may be nice.
[ Chuckles ]
But not too active.
Like a museum, you know,
or dancing or mini-golf.
How about
that last one? Hmm?
Mini -- Mini-golf?
Fantastic.
Yeah, haven't
done it in years.
Should I meet you there?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
That'll be great.
Oh. Great.
Mini-golf?
Amy. Mini-golf?
[ Crickets chirping ]
Ah! Who wants to check out
an ultra-hip
Austin art show with me?
Since when are you
into art?
I'm not. But you are.
Figured you could
be my ringer.
When is it?
Tomorrow.
You forgot.
Forgot what?
My school play.
It's tomorrow.
Uh...
Oh, man, you totally
fell for it --
"Kevin, you forgot
my school play."
Totally fooled you.
That is hilarious.
You are too easy, kiddo.
Mm-hmm.
Too easy.
If you have something
else to do, I get it.
It's...not a big deal.
What? No. That is silly.
I am definitely gonna...
be there. Uh...
Seriously,
it's not a big deal.
I told you
you didn't have to go.
Really?
Oh, hey, guys.
[ Door closes ]
Guys? Dave!
Hey there, handsome.
When did you get back?
Uh, earlier today.
And I'm leaving.
You are?
Just for a few days.
I need to
recharge my batteries.
Dave here will keep an eye
on you while I'm gone.
Are you comfortable
with that, Dave?
Are you kidding?
[ Buttons pop ]
I've been waiting
for this moment.
"Team Kev--"
No way!
You know what? Never mind.
Never mind all that.
[ Imitates air horn ]
Boys' weekend, babyyy!
[ Laughing ]
[ Imitates air horn ]
Kristin: Okay, guys,
let's run the cues
for Act Three
one more time, please.
Oh, hi!
You guys are lifesavers.
The kids are really working
their tails off.
Oh, well, this is Amy's idea.
And she paid for it.
But, um,
I carried more boxes.
[ Laughs ]
I'm really sorry
to hear about your mom.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, it's, um,
it's been an adjustment.
And the play has been
a-a welcome distraction.
Reese has been
an incredible help.
Our Reese?
Yeah.
She -- She designed the sets
and the poster
and -- and she's basically been
our de facto stage manager.
Uh, hey, Cameron,
can you hold that stardrop?
We need to reset
for Act Three.
You two better get here early
and snag the best seats.
Yeah. We'll get here
super early.
Uh, but I...have
got to get going.
So, um...
-Okay, bye.
-See you later.
Uh, are you available
to chaperone
the cast and crew
party tonight?
[ Sighs ] I wish I could,
but I have plans.
A date, actually.
That is so great.
[ Giggles ]
Well, hey, you're -- you're
welcome to bring him.
Yeah. Well, that sounds
much more enjoyable
than mini-golf, which
I inexplicably suggested.
It's a disaster
waiting to happen.
Seriously, I don't know
what to do,
I don't know what to say,
I don't know how to act --
Amy. Amy. Amy.
Let's have some pizza.
[ Indistinct chatter ]
I haven't been out
with anybody
who wasn't my husband
in over 20 years.
The experience really isn't
that much different
than when you
were a teenager.
My mother drove me to
the last date that I went on.
Okay. Well, that's, uh...
[ Laughs ]
Yeah, but, you know,
the good news is
you've already got the toughest
part out of the way.
Now you just get
to know each other
and see if you're
compatible.
"Hi. I'm a widowed mother
of a teenage daughter.
I like good books
and long walks on the beach
when I'm not being
driven insane by my twin brother
who, oh, by the way,
he also lives with me."
I'm sure this Iggy guy
has issues of his own.
Right? 'Cause everyone
has baggage.
You just -- You don't unpack it
all on the first night.
Yeah. Okay, but what if
I start to unpack?
Uh, then focus on
the mini-golf, right?
Yeah.
Destroy him if you have to.
Mm-hmm.
Wait. Hold that thought.
Uh, Jeffery, Marcella.
Yeah, please keep your hands
and your mouths to yourselves.
[ Rumbling ]
Ava: Do you ever have
the urge to take a big bite
out of one of those?
I think it must be the color.
Or the swirls.
Reminds me of taffy.
Thanks for coming, Ava.
Surprised to get
the invitation.
I'm supposed to be
taking some time off.
But I really need
to discuss Dave.
Oh, boy.
What about him?
Have you seen him
recently?
Sure.
You have?
Last night, in a dream.
You were there, too.
And there were
so many puppies.
Have you seen Dave somewhere
that wasn't a dream?
No.
That's what I thought.
[ Pins clatter ]
Are you looking for him?
More like
looking into him.
He showed up last week,
offering to help with Kevin,
but something's
felt off ever since.
Well, yeah.
There's a reason for that.
Dave's the one who told the rest
of us not to listen to you.
He was?
You bet.
Right after we got here.
Very angry,
and very convincing.
[ Giggles ]
This game
is really easy.
S-so, what do you
think he's up to?
I don't know,
but I am gonna find out.
And then
I'll make him cry.
[ Pins clatter ]
-[ Sighs ]
-Uh, I think I need
one more painting
from the house.
I'll be right back.
Okay.
[ Door opens ]
What's wrong?
Talk to Dave.
You should have seen
Reese on that stage.
It was like
a different kid.
No moping, no sarcasm.
She was engaged.
Her hair was
in a ponytail, Dave.
Yeah, nothin' says confidence
like a strong pony,
that's for sure.
And now I'm the knob
who's bailing on his niece.
Yet again.
Hey. Kev.
You're not a knob.
Tell that to Reese
after I don't show up tonight.
Well, then go to the play.
And do what? Ditch Ethan?
Yeah, you're in a tough spot,
amigo. No doubt.
Yeah.
But even a non-human
like myself can tell
that family is a key component
to your spiritual
well-being.
And, in that this entire
shebang is all about
strengthening your spirit,
isn't it entirely possible
that supporting Reese is
the better decision right now,
I mean, you know,
spiritually?
Yeah. That sounds smart.
Because it is.
[ Laughs ]
Listen, um, Kev,
the Universe has asked
far too much of you,
and that sucks.
So, I'm stepping up.
Time for the rubber
to meet the road.
Team Kevin's got your back,
muchacho.
Hi! Hi, I'm a good friend of
Kevin's. My name is Dave.
Um, nice to meet you, Dave.
I'm Ethan.
Bad news -- uh, Kevin
can't make it to Austin.
He has a family emergency.
But I can, you know, I mean,
if that's cool with you,
of course.
Um, yeah, I-I guess.
I'm a huge art buff.
I checked out a bunch
of your stuff in the truck --
really evocative stuff, man.
Trè bien.
Uh -- Uh, thanks.
Now, correct me if I'm wrong,
but do I sense a slight
undertone of Fauvism
in much of your oil work?
No, you're right.
Um, I'm always drawn
to intense usage of --
of color.
Ethan, you can see
this guy?
Um, y-yeah.
Yeah, of course he can...
see me, Kevin.
Why wouldn't he
be able to see me?
Hey, good thing I'm driving
you to Austin, huh?
[ Laughs ] Come on.
♪♪
-What the hell, Dave?
-Apologies, Kevin.
I did not mean
to overstep my bounds.
I was just trying to help.
No, no!
Since when can you reveal
yourself to other people?
Since...forever.
I -- I thought you guys
couldn't show yourselves
to other humans?
[ Laughs ]
Who the heck
told ya th-- Oh.
Why would she lie to me?
Kev, we both know Yvette
isn't exactly the sharing type,
but I'm sure
she had her reasons.
What else hasn't
she told me about?
I want to know.
Bud, if it were up to me,
I'd tell you everything.
Honesty is kind of
my number-one jam.
But just when Yvette gets back,
have a chat with her,
clear the air.
Awesome.
Now quit being such a downer
and go hang with your family.
Dave's got this
"Universe" junk handled.
Enjoy the night off.
Thanks, Dave.
Okay.
♪♪
No, thank you,
uh, ma'am, for that.
So, you know, if you just take
your seats and enjoy the play.
Okay, that's great.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Hey.
Hi.
You seem a little bit
overwhelmed.
Uh, yeah.
Well, you know, let's see.
Um, the fog machine still
isn't working,
and the cast decided
they need a different
flavor of seltzer
because they heard
that Lin-Manuel
drinks pamplemousse,
so [laughs] that was --
anyway, enough about --
How are you? Are you feeling
better about the date?
More so than I did this morning,
thanks to you, so thank you.
It's gonna be fine.
Excuse me, I heard there were
programs over here.
Deputy, nice of you
to join us.
Thank you.
Well, uh, this is
a bit of a surprise.
Yeah, is it, uh, strange
for a grown man
to be watching
a high-school play?
Uh, yeah, kind of.
[ Chuckling ]
Well, the, uh, Chief's daughter
is one of the leads.
Our attendance tonight
was "recommended."
[ Scoffs ]
So, um, do you want to go get
something to eat afterwards?
We can't!
Yeah. Uh, we -- we can't,
because, um, we're stuck
chaperoning the cast and crew
after party,
so we're just stuck doing that
all night long,
so chaperoning away, right?
Yep!
Okay, well, um,
good luck with all that.
Thank you.
Yeah!
That was fine, right?
Well, it -- it --
It sounded fine. Yes.
It was fine.
Woman: Please take your seats.
The show will begin shortly.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪♪
[ Clattering in distance ]
Kevin: Ow!
♪♪
[ Door closes ]
Thus die I, thus, thus...
[ Sighs ]
Now die, die, die.
[ Applause ]
Kevin: Whoo!
-[ Hushed ] Stop it.
-Reese!
Move that set!
Seamless transition!
Nice and smooth! Whoo!
Asleep, my love?
What, dead, my dove?
O Pyramus, arise.
We need to talk now.
Speak, speak.
Quite dumb?
Now, Kevin.
We need to talk now.
Dead -- a tomb must
cover thy sweet --
You're ignoring me?
I know you can
hear me, Kevin!
You want to sit here
and act the fool all night?
Okay. You just
sit there and watch.
With hands as pale as milk --
lay them in gore --
Kevin, cool it, man.
Sorry, sorry.
With shears
of his threaded silk.
How's this, Kevin?
Can you see me now?
Just a private little show --
me and you.
[ Clears throat ]
I have to pee.
What the hell
is wrong with you?
Me? Nothing's wrong with me.
I feel wonderful.
Oh! I'm glad, because while
you've been goofing off,
Dave has been working against us
this entire time.
We can't trust him.
Ha!
[ Laughs ] Wow.
Whoo, boy. Amazing.
This isn't funny, Kevin.
This is hilarious.
This is about, um,
as funny as it [laughs] gets --
you talking to me about trust.
What are you
carrying on about?
Oh, well, um...
[ Hushed ] I know you can reveal
yourself to other people.
[ Normal voice ] Surprise!
So please, please, please
continue to lecture me
about the importance
of trust and honesty.
We didn't know who or what
affected the other
righteous,
so drawing attention to you
by parading around
and revealing myself felt like
a pretty foolish strategy.
Really? Um, because from --
from where I --
from where I stand, it felt like
you could've spared me --
and Amy and Reese --
from a huge amount of trouble,
but you chose not to.
I've been gone one day, and now
you don't trust me anymore?
[ Chuckles ]
It's a funny thing
about us humans.
We find it hard to
trust people when they lie.
♪♪
Dave is manipulating you,
Kevin.
Dave? What about you?
The only thing Dave's
ever done is help.
So is that why you're
not with Ethan,
because Dave
is helping you?
Yeah, yeah, actually.
And you know why?
Because we -- we work
together as a team.
[ Scoffs ] I'm sure.
And you know what?
Now that I think about it,
um, maybe it's time that
I consider a -- a lineup change.
Namely you on the bench.
Sports.
So I don't want
to intimidate you,
but I did score a hole-in-one
on this course
about five years ago at
Reese's birthday party.
Is that so?
-Hey.
-Yeah, 24 kids.
Just balls
flying everywhere.
It was...
Wow. [Laughs] Okay.
That actually sounded a lot
more porny than I intended.
[ Indistinct chatter ]
♪♪
-Wow.
-[ Laughs ]
So, uh, how you
feeling right now?
I'm feeling like you're
three strokes behind, mister.
Well, I -- I-I just --
I wasn't sure
if all of this was a bit weird
for you, you know.
It's a little different,
but I'm having fun.
I took two showers today.
I'm sorry?
Yeah, I was
getting ready earlier,
and I took a shower,
and then I second guessed
the amount
of cologne I put on.
Uh, well,
that is fascinating.
Which is to say that if
I was nervous for tonight,
[laughs] I can imagine,
you know, the prospect
of our date holding
a little more anxiety for you.
Okay.
Maybe I was a little bit
nervous about tonight.
[ Laughs ]
I just -- I didn't know
if it would feel strange
being on a date
with somebody that wasn't Jon,
and I'd feel like I was
cheating on him.
Can you even cheat
on a dead person?
Am I a bad kisser
and he never told me about it?
I mean, what other quirks
was he hiding from me?
Do I snore? Do I chew loudly?
Do I have an oddly shaped head?
Do my clothes have this,
like, funky, weird mildew smell
that I just don't notice
but you would definitely notice?
[ Music plays indistinctly ]
Dave? Dave!
Dave!!
I'm Dave.
Yep.
What?
Hey.
Hey!
Hi.
Hey, man. How's it going?
How was the show?
Shouldn't you be
in Austin?
No.
Oh, my goodness,
what a bust.
That guy does not
have the confidence
to become an artist.
That's...sort of
the entire reason
we were helping Ethan
in the first place, buddy?
I'm not
a miracle worker.
[ Can top pops ]
I-I don't understand.
What -- What happened?
Mm. [ Laughs, sniffs ]
Nothing.
The guy froze -- literally.
He would not
leave the truck.
Well, what did you do?
What was I supposed to do,
kick him out of the truck?
Yeah.
But with your words, maybe.
With my...? [ Laughs ]
Okay. No.
Kev, bro, look.
You're talking to
a "Free Will" guy here, okay?
I had to respect
the man's wishes.
No --
So, no -- You know,
we just went and got
some wings and headed home
and called it a night.
Oh, my...
We'll get 'em
next time, tiger.
Ah!
I knew it. I knew it.
I-I-I -- I shouldn't
have gone to the show.
I should've trusted my gut.
Yvette never would have let me
blow off the mission like that.
Ouch.
I'm sitting right here.
If I had just stayed with Ethan,
everything would be fine.
I put Yvette on the bench
for you, Dave.
Follow me.
What? Wha--
Eh -- Come on.
Did I just spend
the last two hours
talking about
myself nonstop?
More like an hour 45.
Okay, well, let me please
start by apologizing
for turning our date
into a therapy session.
Well, to be fair, I mean,
I am the one that started us
down that path so...
So it's your fault.
I mean, anything
to keep you from seeing
how terrible I am
at mini golf.
Oh, I noticed that,
like, immediately.
[ Laughs ] Did you?
Yeah, right off...
Gah!
Right away.
[ Both laugh ]
Okay, well, at least
you know everything
there is to know about me.
[ Scoffs ]
I very much doubt that.
Okay, well,
my hang-ups at least.
Well, to put it another way,
uh, you know, now that
you've given voice
to these anxieties,
you don't have to worry about it
on a second date.
A second date?
[ Chuckles ]
Do me a favor and stand
right there for a second.
Time for your lesson.
Can you tell me what color
paint is in this can?
I-I don't know.
Fair enough.
I, however, do know
what color paint
is inside of this can,
and that color...
is red.
[ Lid clatters ]
What the heck?!
Oh, my goodness.
[ Laughing ] I am so sorry.
I'm sorry about that.
What a booboo.
Okay, just a sec.
This was my only nice shirt.
Eh, don't worry about it.
I got it.
The paint inside
of this can is green.
Okay, don't!
Please don't, please don't!
Okay? I get it.
All right?
Enough! Okay?
Enough. Stop it.
[ Sighs ]
And...scene.
Now, here's the part where
I drop some knowledge.
Does it involve
dry-cleaning?
Very good.
Kevin, my existence
as a warrior for God is,
to put it mildly,
pretty sweet,
but there are still many things
with regard to my "warriordom"
that I do not know.
Yeah, I'm picking up
on that.
Yvette and I,
we're the same.
We have the same capabilities,
the same limitations.
There is one difference,
however.
I am able to admit
when I've made a mistake.
Yvette, on the other hand,
God love her,
she just can't help but act like
she has all the answers
even when she's wrong.
But, Kevin, here's the point --
no one is infallible,
not even beings like us,
no matter what she says.
Yvette: Hey!
-Oh, boy.
-I'm not here for you.
Got business
with this jackass.
-Sidebar. Now.
-No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No sidebars, no disappearing,
no magic doors,
just no more secrets.
Kevin, I don't know what
he's been telling you, but --
Only the truth,
sweetheart.
You should give it
a whirl sometime.
Ooh, that's big talk
coming from a guy who's been
slithering behind my back
since you landed on this planet.
Now, does your truth
include an explanation
of why you've been
working against us?
No. No, no, no.
Not us. You.
Kevin, do you know why we
followed Yvette down here.
No, I don't.
We followed her because
she told us she could
fix everything.
She told God, she told
anyone who would listen,
and we believed her.
We left our home,
only to get here and realize
that her entire plan
was worthless.
She was just making it up
as she went along.
You knew exactly what
you signed up for, Dave.
I I signed up because
I believed in you --
so confident, so sure
that you could
protect the righteous
and save humanity.
She's saying you'll find
a whole new generation
of the righteous when
the truth is she has no idea.
You want to know
what I think?
I think
there aren't any more.
And I think
there won't be anymore.
So, which one of us
is right?
Go on. Tell him.
I don't know.
Boom.
Told you.
Uh, Dave, please.
But...
[ Sighs ]
That doesn't mean
Dave's correct.
You must understand
this was never about
certainty for me.
It has been
and always will be
about my faith in you.
I believe that there's
no one on this planet
who can accomplish
what you can.
Not me, not Dave.
You.
Dave: Goose bumps.
Yeah, I forgot how good
you were at the faith bit.
What is it
that you want, Dave?
I want Kevin to wake up
and realize
that he's a "Plan B,"
that he's an audible.
I want him to think about
all the rinky-dink tasks
he kills himself for
a-and whether the future
of the Universe hinge's on
some dude's art show.
Because if he still thinks
that you've got the answers...
then he's stranded...
with no way home.
♪♪
[ Sighs ] I, uh...
Um...
I'm gonna g-go to bed.
♪♪
[ Birds singing,
knock on door ]
Hi, Ms. Allen.
Reese. Just the person
I was hoping to see.
Uh, this is for you.
Oh.
-Honey, who is it?
-Hey.
Just brought Reese a little gift
to say thank you
for being such a phenomenal
help with the play.
Aww.
A rock.
Uh... [Chuckles]
Uh, cool.
I made this.
I mean, I figured
you couldn't put
an entire backdrop
in your room so...
Yeah.
Rock.
It's -- It's really great.
Thank you.
I probably could have given
that to Reese on Monday,
but I was curious
how your evening went.
Yes. Yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes.
[ Inhales deeply ]
So, um, well,
I did not unpack all of
my baggage, for starters.
Congratulations.
Yeah, no, I, um,
actually opened the bag,
and then I dumped the mess
all over the ground.
Okay. Well, that's --
that's a different --
that's a different
way to go about things.
But he seems interested
in a second date, I think.
Well, that's great!
Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
What are you gonna tell
Nate this time?
Yeah.
That was really unexpected.
[ Laughs ]
You're telling me.
It just...
It felt weird
to tell him.
[ Sighs ]
I don't know.
Well, maybe you should
figure that out
before you give
Iggy a call.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
What's going on?
Nothing.
You've been in here
all day.
Are you sad?
Does this look sad
to you?
[ Door closes ]
Want to tell me
what's going on?
Honestly, I...
really, really wish I could.
But can't.
You know, that used
to bug me,
not knowing why you were always
acting so weird all the time.
Yeah, I seem to remember
you stalking me,
placing a tracker
on my phone.
Did you ever wonder why it
doesn't bother me anymore?
Mm, nope.
Was just glad you stopped
being so annoying.
I realized it didn't matter why
you were being weird because,
when you were weird, you were
usually helping people.
You know, you don't have to
keep using the word "weird."
And you've helped,
like, a lot of people.
[ Chuckles softly ]
Like, look at me.
I try not to as a rule.
I'm trying to say you
helped me, genius!
Without you, I probably
wouldn't have done the play.
Really.
[ Voice breaking ]
I owe a lot to you.
And now...
[ Door opens ]
Now I have this rock.
Is the rock a metaphor?
I'm just saying
it doesn't matter why
you act weird
because you use your weirdness
to do good stuff.
And those
little things add up.
[ Sighs ]
I'm not even gonna
make a joke.
[ Sighs ]
[ Voice breaking ]
Thank you, Reese.
That was really nice.
Sure.
But, you know, if you
wanted to tell me
how you pull off all that stuff,
I wouldn't, like, mind.
Because I don't think
you're doing it alone.
Someone or something
has got to be helping you.
Hey, Reese.
Um...
When you were a baby,
I dropped you on your h-head.
And not like once --
like, three or four times.
[ Laughs ]
I know. I know.
I know.
♪♪
[ Upbeat classical music plays ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
-These natural colors.
-Yeah.
I mean, it's already
been sold, though.
-Hey. My paintings.
-Excuse me.
-How did...
-Yes.
Hey. Hey, there. Hi.
Kevin, what's going on?
This is a-a local --
very local showing of your work.
[ Stammering ]
I-I don't understand.
I felt bad about Austin,
so I wanted to --
to make it up to you.
And, uh...
Ethan, dear,
I have an art question.
Okay, sure. Go ahead.
Do you ship to New Jersey?
I'm sorry?
My cousin wants
a few of these paintings,
but she's being a noodge
about the postage charges.
Your cousin in New Jersey
wants to buy my paintings?
Aren't they for sale?
Um...
Uh, uh, uh,
yeah, yes, yes.
Um, they are.
Um, you know what?
Uh, tell her that,
uh, the painting price
comes with free shipping.
Are you happy now, Evelyn?
[ Chuckles ]
Kevin, I don't...
[ Sighs ] I don't know how
to thank you for this.
Oh.
I know this is small,
but, man, this feels great.
Like I said,
I'm a patron of the arts.
Let me give you something.
Oh.
Here you go.
[ Gasps ]
Ethan, this is stunning.
I...
♪♪
[ Whispering ] Oh, my.
[ Gasps ]
Where you going?
♪♪
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, I'm fine.
Um...just, uh, butterfly
caught me off guard.
[ Chuckles nervously ]
So...
I saw 'em when I was
traveling last summer.
They're absolutely
radiant in person.
[ Clears throat ]
Where did you see them?
Hello! Ooh.
Hello. [ Chuckles ]
Hey!
Hello!
Uh, I need to talk.
Pick up.
[ Sighs ]
[ Bell rings ]
♪♪
Okay. All right.
It's time to bring out
the big guns.
[ Breathes deeply ]
♪♪
Oh. God is good, God is great,
and we thank Him for our food.
Amen.
[ Gasps ]
You are aware that's not how
you get in touch with us, right?
Dave, um...
I don't know if she's right
or whether her plan will work,
but I believe in what
we're doing, so...
I'm -- I'm sticking
with Yvette.
Your loss, man.
♪♪
I know where we'll find
the first righteous!
[ Laughs ]
-What --
-Oh.
Arizona?
What? No.
Oh, sorry.
Thought the Universe might
help me on that one.
Uh...
♪♪
Laos?
Laos.
♪♪